DEVEX-2067: Add warning about rerunning download command for missing/modified files (#73)
dnanexus/dxda: README.md

A download log contains more detailed information about the download should an error occur.  If an error does occur and you do not understand how to deal with it, please contact `support@dnanexus.com` with the log file attached and we will assist you.

> **WARNING:** Please note, that simple rerunning `dx-download-agent download` command will NOT redownload any manually moved, deleted or modified downloaded files! It is necessary to run `dx-download-agent inspect` command (describe below) first to detect the changes and mark them for redownload. More details can be found in the section [Moving downloaded files](#moving-downloaded-files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that rerunning `dx-download-agent download` command will NOT re-download any previously downloaded files that were subsequently moved, deleted or modified.  Please run `dx-download-agent inspect` (described below) to detect any changes to previously downloaded files and mark them for re-download.  See [Moving downloaded files](#moving-downloaded-files) for more details.
```

21.6 MB/sec	1184/27078 MB	18/327 Parts Downloaded and written to disk
```

> Once the download is finished, it is advised to perform an inspection of the downloaded files to ensure their integrity:

Author: yes, you are right...the checksums are already checked during download...I re-phrased it and moved the warning right below download command description as both `progress` and `inspect` are generally much less relevant and can be skipped

```
dx-download-agent inspect exome_bams_manifest.json.bz2
```

> This command will perfrom an inspection of the parts of files currently downloaded to disk and ensure that their MD5sums match the manifest. If a file is missing or an MD5sum does not match, the download agent will report the affected files. After the inspection is complete, you can issue a `download` command again to resolve the issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will perform an inspection of the parts of files currently downloaded to disk and ensure that their MD5sums match the manifest. If a file is missing or an MD5sum does not match, the download agent will report the affected files. After the inspection is complete, you can issue a `download` command again to resolve the issues.
```

21.6 MB/sec	1184/27078 MB	18/327 Parts Downloaded and written to disk
```

To check the integrity of the downloaded files, you can run
```
dx-download-agent inspect exome_bams_manifest.json.bz2
```

> This command will perform an inspection of the files and ensure that their MD5sums match the manifest. If a file is missing or an MD5sum does not match, the download agent will report the affected files and you can run a `download` command again to resolve the issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will perform an inspection of the files and ensure that their MD5sums match the manifest. If a file is missing or an MD5sum does not match, the download agent will report the affected files and you can then run `dx-download-agent download` again to re-download the affected files.
```
